guys I just wanted to go over a really
good find I had today looking through
some web stuff something that will save
you tons of time for those of you that
have Facebook pages there's a program
and I have to give a shoutout to the guy
that posted it here this is on our Ning
site that i have with its speed racer
had posted this information about an ad
that you can do for your your facebook
let me kind of go over what it is so
let's go to we're going to use an
example here for us it's called ruthless
hot rods that's just one of the sites
that i run and what it does is there's a
program called RSS graffiti and it takes
any page that has not can have an RSS
feed and i'll explain that here in a
second and it posts on that wall
automatically so for example we've got
our site that is ruthless hot rods and
in our site it's kind of like a little
it's like a mini social network for
ruthless people hot rod people and we've
got we've got one option which is
setting up your Facebook with the
display window that shows like your
recent feeds so anything that you've
posted in the past that's linked to our
site and it links it right back to our
Facebook page okay that's one thing
that's another that's another learning
and we'll go over that one day but what
I wanted to do is I want my latest
activity so all these posts that people
have been making I want to put that on
my facebook page okay kind of like this
one in well instead of me having to type
all this stuff all this all the all the
information that people are talking
there's a little button down here
sometimes they're orange blue green
whatever color it is you'll see the
symbol they're always the same you can
click on that and none of this means
nothing well right up here in the
address bar is what you want where it
says the RSS you're going to copy that
okay or if you want you can just right
click on that little image and copy the
link address say
thing so what we're going to do is we're
going to go back to Facebook and we're
going to type in we're going to go to
our page if you just click edit info or
edit down here and you know any edit
button you're going to be brought to a
page that has all of your settings okay
and on here there's a little link here
called apps so if you click the apps
here's all the apps that you can add
warning if you go through all these apps
it's overwhelming there's a lot of stuff
in there just make sure that you don't
do too many I you know fancy stuff is
nice but ease of use is nicer okay so
what we're going to do is we're going to
go to RSS graffiti and if it's not on
it's probably not on your front page so
you'll browse for more applications and
you'll type in RSS graffiti so I'll do
that for you so if we click browse right
up here where it says search apps you'll
type in RSS graffiti it's another I
graffiti okay and that's going to pop up
RSS graffiti so you click on that okay
and what you're going to want to do is
you're going to want to add that to your
page okay and what I'm going to do is
I'm actually going to go to the app and
actually ignore adding it to the page
because that's useless it's an extra
click you don't need to make just go to
the app what it's going to do is it's
going to need to verify you first
basically what it's asking is if you if
you're going to give it permission to
post on your wall that's facebook rules
you have to have permission it's not
something to take lightly obviously
don't go around letting everybody post
on your wall because that gets you in
trouble so we've got some websites that
I've got running we're just going to
click on our ruthless one and there will
be a box right around here that you have
to give ruthless permission ruthless has
to give it permission to post on their
wall so you'll activate it it'll
actually be the red like we had earlier
where it wasn't configured and when it's
all set up it'll say configured so what
you're going to have now
is you're going to have an option to add
a new feed okay and it doesn't have to
be anything from your page it could be
from CNN com if you just want your
members to have latest updates from them
CNN is going to love you because if they
click on their links then they go to CNN
but it keeps your members interested in
what you've got so I'm just going to
click Edit on mine in your case you're
going to click add and it's going to
look identical to this you're going to
have you're going to paste that RSS feed
right in here okay so I'm going to go
here and paste the one I just copied and
then you're going to name it okay and
you can go over the rest of stuff this
is kind of just some options you can add
you can click on filter you can change
the time you can have it set so it
starts the feeds right away or it
doesn't start for a certain time or it
cuts off at a certain time you can go
here to transform you can change
different settings my main thing that i
want to show you also on this is
scheduled some people don't want ads or
don't want post right away in our case
we've got a lot of activity on our site
and i don't want to bombard our members
with tons of posts every minute or every
15 minutes or whatever it is so I've set
mine to just do four times a day you can
set it for once a day twice a day four
times a day any-any comfortable setting
for you okay and so I've got that set to
it it's got some other options in here
you want to say you can publish on
behalf of ruthless or if you're if you
personally want to have your name in
front of it that's fine too but what
you're going to do is you're going to
click Save okay you can also generate a
preview and you'll be able to see the
preview of what it's like what what it's
going to be actually let's cancel these
and preview it okay so let's go back
here and click preview so here's here's
the post that you might have seen just a
minute ago that we have up there you can
flip through the post and see what kind
of content this RSS feed is pulling okay
so I've got this all set I'm just going
to cancel this you've got to save it and
then you
can go right back to your page so we're
going to go to ruthless and there you go
there's the first post and I've did it
just about 45 minutes ago already got
two people that liked the post the thing
that I'm telling you to be careful with
is you don't want to do too many because
every time you post on your wall it's
coming from you even though you're
giving this program permission to post
on your wall and by doing that it's just
like you're posting it even though it
does say it's from RSS graffiti it's you
posting it so everybody sees it so if
you're constantly posting and posting
and posting if you get a lot of posts
people are going to get annoyed with it
they're going to leave your group okay
so i just want to share that with you
guys let me know if you have questions
happy to help it any way I can I'll have
a great day